#!/bin/bash
python LP_Gurobi.py 1 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 2 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 3 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 4 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 5 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 6 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 7 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 8 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 9 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 10 optimization
python LP_Gurobi.py 11 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 1 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 2 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 3 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 4 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 5 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 6 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 7 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 8 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 9 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 10 optimization
python CP_Or_Tools.py 11 optimization
